# Roomie
Hello welcome to Roomie! This program is a social-connector app using C# ADO.NET MVC and SQL server to connect users to other users for the purpose of finding a roommate and an apartment. How it works is, someone would go to the website and be prompted to sign in or register. If they choose to register they will then receive and email confirming the registration. After registration, the user is then directed to the home page of the website. It shows a profile card with the name, a picture of them, the city that the user is looking for, if they own a property or not and a description section where they describe some other information about themselves. Then the user can choose weather to like, favorite or skip the profile card. If the player chooses to like or favorite then the profile is moved to the liked people tab in the nav bar, also if the user favorites a profile an email is sent out to the profile’s email to inform them that someone favorited them. After the user has connected with a few profiles they can go to the liked people section in the side nav bar. Here they can look at the profiles they liked and then chat with them in the website's chat room functionality. Now, the user has someone they are interested in rooming with, they can now go over to the apartment section and view apartments in their area. Inside each apartment details page there is an embedded google map, that uses google’s embedded map api, that shows a satellite image of the apartments location, along with information of the apartment (such as pricing location and other information) and a photo of the apartment. There is also a button that allows the user to book appointments with the realtor however since there were no realtors involved in making this it just gives an alert. 

Now, the apartments are made by a different type of user then the renter users they are called appartmentOwners in the code the registration is the same process however there are two buttons on the registration page one for renters and one for owners. After the apartment owner registers they are then redirected to an apartment creation page that you put in all the information for the house including a photo and it is saved to the database for future viewing by the renters.

Thank you for reading and coming to see Roomie! If you have any questions you can message me on LinkedIn at https://www.linkedin.com/in/christian-downs1/

Have a good day!
